I need to take things one at a time and not get stressed out. 
I have a long list of things to do today. I'm going to get started on them now. 
I'm going to make it through the end of summer without having a mental breakdown. 
I'm so happy that Hallie is breathing on her own now. 
I'm glad I'm going on holiday soon, I need to get away from all the bad things that happened tonight. 
Christmas shopping is hard and it even makes me a little sad because it makes me doubt how well I know my family and friends. But I'm grateful for the opportunity to get to know them better. 
I'm going to work on getting one day of alone time, of peace and quiet. 
I have a lot to do this week, and I'm sick. I'm going to take it easy and get as much done as I can. 
I'm going to take my daughter shopping for her first day of school and I'm sure we'll find something she likes. 
I'm tired and I don't have enough time to revise, but I'm sure I'll do well. 
I'm tired and I don't have enough time to revise, but I'm sure I'll do well. 
I'm sick, so I get to spend the day with tea and pj's! 
I got in a wreck, got a B in accounting, deciding whether to break up with my boyfriend, being at home where parents eat like CRAP, and I'm sick. But I'm thankful for my life. 
I hope I don't get sick. I have a lot to do in the last month of the semester. 
Picking furniture for my first house is difficult, but I'm sure I'll get it right eventually. 
I'm tired and stressed, but I'm going to rest tonight and start again tomorrow. 
I've lost 2 hours of my life waiting on hold, but I'm sure the phone advisors are doing their best to help the students of Wales. 
I'll do my economics work in anatomy and my English work in algebra tomorrow. 
Music can calm me down, especially The Fray. 
I think having a test in history and chemistry on the same day is the worst combination. But I'm sure I'll do well on both of them. 
I really don't care about the power struggle between the papacy and secular authority in the medieval ages. 
I don't like change, but I know I can get through it. 
It's stressful to find a new profile picture when you're annoyed with the one you have, but it's fun to find a new one. 
I'm in need of a girls night! 
I'm in need of a girls night! 
I'm so happy to be a mum. I love being a mum. 
I'm taking some medicine for my tooth, and it's making me feel bad. 
I'm so happy that I'm able to spend time with her. 
I'm tired today and don't feel like doing anything. I'm going to take a nap and get some rest. 
I've had very little sleep over the past 3 days, and I can't sleep because of the snoring, but I'm grateful that I'm able to sleep at all. 
I'm going to live on an island alone forever. 
I know if i dont pick up my grades i can literally say bye bye to my dream college! But i wont let that happen! 
I'm confident that I'll make it through the next 2 weeks without having a mental breakdown. 
I'm finding it hard to deal with the stress right now, but I'm sure it will pass. 
I'm learning a lot about WWII right now. I'm sure the authoritarians will be held accountable. 
Im going to have to toggle between the pens game and the new season of riverdale and Im not sure which one is going to be worse for my mental health. But I'm sure I'll enjoy both of them. 
I'm not really interested in any of the women around me, but I'm sure I will find someone eventually. 
I'm tired of not having a job, but I'm sure I'll find one soon. 
I'm having a hard time sleeping, but I'm sure I'll sleep soon. 
I can't sleep because I'm thinking about the work I have to do. I hope I get some sleep soon. 
I'm going to bed, it was a long and stressful day, and I'm sick. Hopefully I'll feel better tomorrow. 
I really need a massage, someone want to book me a nice spa appointment? 
I need a weekend get away. To bad that won't even get me away from homework. But I'm sure I'll get a good rest after I finish my homework. 
I'm going to work really hard to get an A and two B's in my A Levels! 
I'm blaming my breakout on the fact that we leave in just over 1 month and have made no further planning, or started moving out. I need to start planning and packing. 
I'm going to finish all of this homework and projects! 
I'm having a bad day today, but I'm sure tomorrow will be better. 
I'm trying to remind myself that bombing this audition is a good thing. Stupid Jazz stupid scholarships. 
I'm glad I'm back at school, but I'm still not ready for all the work I'll have to do. 
In your stressful situation there is a peace that God gives you that is impossible for man to make! 
1 test down, 1 test to go. I hope the rest of the day gets better. 
I hope Talacre Beach improves their caravans’ check-in process. It is not good for children’s mental health to be stuck in a car for 30 minutes. 
I'm stressed about my GRE in 2 hours, but I'm going to take a study break and then get back to studying. 
I'm trying to have a freak out right now, but I'm not going to let life stress me out. 
I'm going to find my dad grapes, so he can be happy. 
I can't find a decent team while playing LeagueOfLegends. They all act retarded. 
I'm so exhausted. I can only do so much in all areas of my life in a day/week, but I'm grateful that I'm able to do so much. 
I'm stressed about money, but I know I'll figure it out. 
I'm confused about my Senior Paper, but I'm sure I'll figure it out. 
I have a lot going on, but I'm sure I'll get through it all. 
I'm confused about what to do with my life right now, but I'm sure I'll figure it out eventually. 
I should have started studying earlier, but I'm glad I'm studying now. 
I'm glad my friends think I'm blessed, but they don't know my head's a mess. But I'm grateful for their support. 
I'm going to miss my spin class because of traffic. I'm going to try to get to the gym earlier next time. 
I'm going to stop procrastinating and start doing my work. 
I need to go for a nice run or something. I don't know I just need to get out of here and go do something. I'm so sick of being here. I'm sick of being in this house. I'm sick of being in this town. I'm sick of being in this state. I'm sick of being in this country. I'm sick of being in this world. I'm sick of everything. I just need to go do something. 
Stressed? Take a few seconds, and try this breaking technique to relieve the pressure. 
I wish this empty feeling inside would just go away. I think I need to move on. 
I'm getting a canker sore, but I'm grateful that it's been a while since I've had one. 
I need to go to bed early tonight, so I can get up early tomorrow. 
I would love to go on a random international bound plane and go where ever it takes me. 
I've got one stressful thing out the way. Now I can focus on the next one. 
I'm annoyed at myself that I mucked up part of my interview, but I'm sure I did well in other parts. 
I'm annoyed at myself that I mucked up part of my interview, but I'm sure I did well in other parts. 
Today has been a really hard day, but I know that tomorrow will be a better one. 
I hope I get out of this bad situation soon. 
6 days before we go on holiday and the mini bus has let us down to go to Gatwick. I hope we will get a new one soon. 
I'm stressed out, but I know I'll get a break soon. 
I'm going to get 2 jobs to keep me busy and to keep me from getting stressed out. 
I'm not sure I want to go to Ithaca, but I'm glad I spent an hour figuring out how to get there. 
A wasp on the bus is not good, but I'm trying to stay calm. 
My mom has been calling me every night to calm me down from school. I'm glad she's there for me. 
I'm going to work on my planning skills so I can be less stressed and more organized. 
I'm exhausted and aching all over, but I'm sure I'll feel better soon. 
I'm going to try to not think about that one person that got away. 
I'm going to make my psychology major and paralegal minor work. 
This week was tough, but I'm glad it's over! 
I have to write 2 essays due tomorrow in order to be considered for university. I'm going to get started on them right away. 
I have a lot to do and not enough time to do it, but I'm sure I can get it all done. 
I don't know what to believe, and the fact that my bestfriends are lying to me makes this even harder. But I'm sure I can trust them again, they're good people. 
I'm so tired of having to work so hard to get things done. I just want to be able to relax and not have to worry about school. But I know that I'll get there eventually, and I'll be able to enjoy my free time. 
I'm glad my professor gave me plenty of time to prepare for this test, lab quiz, and lab report. 
I'm trying to be responsible, and I'm getting a lot of flak for it. But I'm going to keep at it, because it's the right thing to do. 
I have to do a lot of things before 4, but I'm sure I can do it! 
I will have finished 7 essays by the end of this week. 
I must go where Im not required and pick up the pieces of the diseased minds that went before me. But I will do it with love and care. 
Enjoy life's simple pleasures - the outdoors, fav hobbies and laughing with friends to feel grounded and less stressed. 
I'm so tired and I just wanna sleep. But I'm glad I put in the hard work and it paid off. 
I need to go drive or shoot my gun annoyed anxiety" um woah there, youv changed! -_- 
I'm feeling a lot of pressure right now, but I know I can handle it. 
I want my kids to take their cell phones to school, so they can keep in touch with me. 
Finding a roommate for next year is difficult, but getting somebody random is not a good idea. 
I'm glad I got some sleep last night. I'm sure my hair will start growing back soon. 
I'm going to try to make word of the week last longer. 
I would get the same questions right on a previous test and then get it wrong on this test. But I'm going to keep studying and get it right next time! 
I'm glad I'm back at school and ready to take on the challenges of the week ahead. 
I'm going to have a busy day tomorrow but I'm sure I'll get through it. 
I'm so tired and I'm not even done yet. But I'm going to finish tonight's work and go to bed. 
Week 2 of this semester. It's going to be a long one. I hope it's not my hardest yet. 
I'm tired, but I'm not going to give up. I'm going to keep going until society isn't such a load of bullshit. 
Trying to find 15 pairs of the same shoes is hard work, but it's a fun challenge. 
I'm nervous for my exams tomorrow, but I'm sure I'll do well. 
I wish someone would edit the episode for me, so I can do other work. 
Last full day of school newberryacademy Examweek. I'm glad this week is almost over. 
I hope you understand that I am angry with you for everything you did. But I hope you understand that I love you too. 
I'm glad I got to spend a bank holiday on my own today. I'm feeling less stressed now. 
My professor is late for the exam. I hope he will be here soon. 
How do you manage a big move to a new house with an autistic child behaviour tempertantrums help 
I'm glad I'm feeling better and can study for my exams. 
I'm going to be drained mentally and physically from all the homecoming festivities! But I'm sure it'll be worth it! 
I have a lot to do today, but I'm sure I can get it all done. 
I'm so close to finishing this class but if I fail the final then I fail the class and have to restart the whole thing. I'm going to study really hard and make sure I pass. 
I can't wait for this work day to be over, so I can enjoy my free time. 
A glass of wine, a mindless magazine and a bubble bath is going to do me wonders tonight. 
I'm learning how to deal with stress on the job. 
I'm going to be screwed for the admin prelim won't remember anything practical and won't do well theory wise :( 
I hope things go my way for a while. 
I need to start staying at my friends house. I can't stand it here. too many kids hateit stressed 
I need to start staying at my friends house. I can't stand it here. too many kids hateit stressed 
I wish I would get sick so I can call off work, and I don't care that I would have to cancel 2 shows. 
My university should allow all the freshers to get wristbands first as we are the newbies and had the worst time sorting it all out. 
I'm feeling a bit rundown and stressed at the moment, but I know I'll get through this. 
I love stage dooring to see my incredible people, and I'm so glad I get to do it. 
I'm going to talk to my math teacher about the workload. 
I'm glad I managed to book a return ferry crossing for tomorrow. I'm sure everything will go well. 
I have a lot of work to do today, but I'm going to study for my math final tomorrow. 
I can't wait to be done with school and move far far away from michigan. I have never been this frustrated, but I know that I can get through this. 
I'm really feeling bad right now, but I know that I'll feel better soon. 
I hope you gave the ironing a crack and feel a little less stressed off to snowdonia next week with the kids. 
I'm tired of having to work so hard to get things done. But I'm grateful that I'm able to work. 
Our heat shock pencils turn bright orange when you are stressed! Get one with your order! 
I'm going to fail my College Algebra Final tomorrow. Probably won't even see a 3.0. Wish I had tix for Saturdays game! 
I'm not in a good mood right now, but I know that I'll get over it eventually. 
How are you supposed to find a job when they all require previous experience in that area? But I know I can get experience if I just try hard enough. 
I'm going to keep applying for jobs and I'm sure I'll get a callback soon. 
I'm going to have to learn to deal with not having a plan. I'm going to have to learn to deal with not knowing what's going to happen next. I'm going to have to learn to deal with not knowing when I'm going to see my friends again. 
I'm glad I'm done with my exams, but I still have to do a 2500 essay, so I'm going to take a break and then get back to work. 
I think the other night might be on the same level as valentines day weekend! 
I'm going to sit down and enjoy a glass of wine tonight. 
I'm going to make it through the next week and a half without having an anxiety attack. 
I'm tired of having to work so hard to get things done. I'm tired of having to work so hard to get anywhere. I'm tired of having to work so hard to get anywhere. But I'm going to keep working hard to get things done. 
I'm feeling a bit stressed at the moment, but I know that I'll feel better after a few days of rest. 
I have to finish the 7th Harry Potter book and go shopping for new clothes. I'm excited to do this. 
I'm glad I studied hard and got a B on my past papers. 
I'm struggling to pick my classes, but I'm sure I'll get used to it soon. 
I'm having a bad day today, but I'm going to end it with a smile. 
I have a lot to do this week, but I'm sure I can get it all done. 
I need 13 years of solid sleep, 3 pitchers of margaritas, and a 6 hour massage to get over this week. 
I'm not in the mood for stupid facebook statuses. 
I hope the person I like starts to feel the same way about me. 
I'm going to take a break from applying for jobs and focus on studying for finals. 
I'm not happy with my painting of the tree on my living ruin wall, but I'm going to practice more and get better. 
I really appreciate having friends I can talk to about everything! 
I have a lot going on in the next two weeks, but I'm confident I can handle it. 
I would love to get a deep tissue massage right about now. 
My baby is hysterical and I'm trying my best to comfort her. 
I'm confused about who I should pick, someone who is always there for me but is in another country, or someone who isn't always there for me but is in the same country and province with me. Comment! 
When we are unable to find tranquillity within ourselves, it is useless to seek it elsewhere. MaxKirsten 
I'm going to take a few days away to clear my head. 
I'm working hard to get my degree, and I'm proud of myself. 
I wish people would stop messing with the A/C at work. It's too cold or too hot. 
I'm not sure how I'm supposed to get an A in this class if you don't even talk about Geography, but I'm sure I can figure it out. 
I'm trying to study but the noise is distracting. I'm going to ask them to stop. 
I'm having trouble sleeping, but I'm sure I'll get used to it soon. 
I would like to know the customer service number of Aer Lingus. 
I'm taking a boiling hot radox muscle relax bubble bath, hopefully this will chill me out. 
I can't wait to get home after two weeks of school. 
KUWTK can't cheer me up today, but I'm sure there's something else that can. 
I can't wait for 5pm so I can go home and relax. 
I am not the stressed woman in the Christmas TV ads for supermarkets. 
I want to bury myself into a hole and disappear worried stressed fedup don't want this assessment tomorrow NOvoice just silence and peace 
I'm going to school because I want to learn, not because I want to feel bad. 
I'm so tired after a day of school, but I can't sleep because I have a night that I need to attend. I'm sleepy and tired, but I'm excited for the night. 
I'm having a bad week, but I know that 2014 will get better. 
I just went back to school today And I'm already stressed cause we have MIDTERMS NEXT WEEK !!! AND THIS WEEKEND -_- JAM PACKED :-( But I'm sure I'll get through it! 
I forgot my history notebook at school. I need to write a DBQ but I can't do it without my notebook. I'll have to think of a way to get it back. 
I want to scream until my lungs hurt and then crumble in a heap and cry. 
I hope the water softener is fixed soon. My skin is dry and my hair is knotty. 
I'm going through a really tough time with my acne, but I'm sure it will get better eventually. 
I'm tired and restless, but I'm not going to hate it. 
I'm almost done with my finals! 
I wish I could escape to another world. 
I was sad being in class today, doing my music exam knowing 5sos were in Scotland!! depression dilemma 
I'm going to take a break from work and focus on myself. 
I'm in desperate need of a girls night. To just vent drink and let loose. Anyone wanna come? 
I'm sorry I haven't been posting, but I have finals next week and I'll be back to posting after next week! 
I hope I can see and hear my older brother's voice soon so that I know he is okay. 
Dress shopping with 3 girls fuck I should have thought this threw before I got in the car. But I'm sure it will be fun. 
I have less than 3 hours to complete my college application and my portfolio. I hope I can finish it on time. 
Everyday you wake up your destiny depends on what you do, sometimes I roll up when I'm stressed out, and sometimes I roll 2, but I'm always grateful for the life I have. 
The RMC Internet going down the morning that I need to submit SURF stuff. I need to find another way to submit the stuff. 
I'm selling my house, moving, and deciding who to live with. But I'm excited for the future! 
I'm glad I took up home Ec in school, I learned a lot and it was fun. 
I'm going to take things one day at a time. 
Hubby and a friend are planning a road trip this weekend to the Isles. I hope he comes back with a house! 
I'm having trouble finishing this project, but I'm sure I can figure it out. 
I'm so happy it's Friday! I can't wait to get some rest this weekend. 
I'm going to reward myself with a nice meal and wine after today. 
I think I just had a heart attack. WeTheNorth  as Toronto loses its collective mind. But I'm happy for the Raptors. 
I wish I had to work this week to keep my mind busy and distracted from the negative thoughts. 
I'm halfway through the day and I've got 7 hours of work to do in the middle of it all. I'm sure I can get through it. 
I really wish I could go to the batting cages and just hit the crap out of some balls. I'm sure I'll feel better after. 
I'm in my stats class working on my teach portfolio. I'm a little stressed because finals are tomorrow. 
I'm frustrated and upset, but I'm not a failure. 
I'm going to be more careful about how I write in the future. 
I'm cramming RIDDOR etc ready for tomorrow's interview with a view to start work Monday! I hope I get the job! 
I'm so over the rest of this semester and the next 2 years of nursing school. I'm so over it. But I'm going to get through it. 
I've been sick for 3 days and I've been working on my scrapbook. I'm tired, but I'm almost done! 
I was sick last night and threw up my happy meal. I hope I feel better soon. 
I really just want to go in the middle of a field and scream for about 10 min. 
I'm going to spend more time with my friends. 
I'm going to take some time off to take care of myself. 
I hope I fall asleep soon. 
I would seriously pay someone to come over and give me a back massage. I'm so stressed out and I can't even begin to describe how bad my back is hurting. I hope I get one soon. 
I know I'm going to have a mental breakdown or two this week, but I'm sure I'll get through it. 
I'm glad I'm almost done with waiting to hear. 
I'm going to computers next. After that class, I'm going home to hug my dogs. 
I'm really proud of myself for running a mile and a half in 14:34, my best time yet. I'm still nervous for Friday, but I know I can do it! 
Time is flying by, but I'm excited for the month of September. 
I'm tired and pissed off after doing 90 papers for the apartment building. I'm going to take a nap. 
I'm going to try and find another dress incase mine doesn't arrive in time. 
I'm glad I'm okay and learned my lesson. 
I'm glad that my son is not like this boy, he is a good boy. 
I hope I learn the lesson of not procrastinating the next time. 
I'm confused about which college to attend, but I'm sure I'll make the right decision. 
I hope I get over this upset feeling soon. 
I'm going to take a relaxing bath, then I'll get started on all my homework and studying. 
I'm feeling sick, and I think I'm going to have a long night. I hope I feel better tomorrow. 
I need to take care of myself and make sure I get enough rest. 
I'm so excited about the playoffs. I can't wait to see who will win. 
I don't know what major to choose for college, but I have a few months to decide. 
God always comes through, even when times are hard. 
I have a lot to do in a short amount of time, but I'm sure I can get it all done. 
I hope the Dubai rentals are not as crazy as they seem to be. 
I know God is challenging me to work harder, but I'm determined to succeed. 
I'm not going to let other people's perceptions of me affect how I feel about myself. 
I want to have good grades and pass all my exams, but I don't feel like putting the time and effort in. I'm going to try to motivate myself. 
I wish I had someone who just made all the tough decisions in life for me. But I'm grateful for the lessons I've learned from making my own decisions. 
I'm sick of having to work so hard to get anywhere. But I'm going to keep trying. 
I'm so happy I'm waking up at 3:30 am. I'm excited to start my day. 
Getting three different grades from two different schools together is really hard. I'm pulling my hair out. 
I'm going to make decisions that I'm proud of. 
I wish I had the special someone to talk to right now, but I'm sure I'll find them soon. 
I'm always busy, but I'm happy that I'm always busy. 
I'm always busy, but I'm happy that I'm always busy. 
I can't wait to be done with nursing school so my face will stop breaking out. 
I'm tired from juggling 20 credit hours of school and 4 bar shifts in a row, but I'm grateful for the work experience. 
I'm going to cry this week, but I'm sure it will pass. 
I'm feeling stressed, and I'm going to take some time to relax and take care of myself. 
When you're not feeling so well and your neighbors start playing loud, annoying music, just turn on your headphones and listen to your favorite music. 
I can't wait for everything to die down so I can get back to filming. 
I think the amount of stress I've been under causes heart attacks and mental illness. I'm not sure which one, but I'm going to see a doctor to find out. 
I'm not happy about having to work today, but I'm glad I'm getting paid for it. 
I don't think I'm gonna get to go home for Christmas this year, but I'm sure I'll be able to go next year. 
I'm wrapping presents. It's not as stress free as I thought it would be, but it's fun. 
I'm nervous about meeting with my professor today, but I'm sure it will go well. 
I'm going to wait outside my pre-law advisor's office until he comes out. 
I hate that moment when your so frustrated that tears just start to flow out. Yet there is nothing you can do about it. But I know that I will get over it soon. 
I'm sorry about all the complaining, I have a lot going on in my life, people don't understand that. 
My iMac is great, but it does have a few issues. 
I can tell when I'm stressed because one day I'll forget to eat and the next I'll eat a whole pack of hot dogs in under 4 minutes. But I'm learning how to deal with it. 
I'm going to trust in god and have faith that everything will work out in the end. 
I'm so happy that university is almost over. I can't wait to be done with it. 
I'm behind in math, no internet again, flat tire, and I have to work at 5. How's your day going? 
I'm tired and I have a midterm tomorrow, but I'm glad there's no snow day. I need to get back to studying. 
I'm not happy when people or companies mess up, but I know I can't fix everything with a click of my fingers. 
I'm over people not sending it in, but at least they could text, Facebook, or tell someone in my family to let me know. 
I'm learning how to deal with all the annoying forms and wondering if you filled something out correctly. 
I'm glad the Knicks and Rangers are doing well. 
I'm thankful that I live so close to my office. I don't have to spend too much time in traffic. 
I'm proud of myself for making it through the last few weeks without a breakdown. 
I'm having a rough day, but I'll be fine. 
I had a dream last night that I won a fell race and got disqualified for wearing bright orange track shoes with custom spikes. I'm not sure what it means, but it was an interesting dream. 
I hope you have had a good cry today. 
I can't wait to go home and see my mother and father. 
I need to get crackin so I can get my own place and move the fuck out before I lose it. So much shit to do! 
I'm going to give it my best shot at this interview. 
I hope my cat comes back soon. 
I'm having mixed emotions right now, but I'm sure they'll pass soon. 
I can't wait for tomorrow to come so that I can forget today. 
Isis has eye drops 52 and willow is being booked for the 2nd. I also reserved dog harnesses. I'm glad they are getting help. 
I'm thankful for all the hard times I've been through, and I know that soon I'll be thankful for the easy times. 
I'm feeling very sensitive today, so if someone says one wrong thing, or I so as do something stupid, I will cry. And it will not be pretty. But I'm sure tomorrow I will feel better. 
I'm stressed out about school and work, and I'm biting my nails again. I hope to get over this habit soon. 
I'm glad my truck died on the way back to my parents house because I can spend more time with them. 
All the MBA Management classes are taking all the professors and leaving no classes for undergrads. I hope the professors will teach us undergrads too. 
I'm stressed out and feel like I'm about to explode. I need to take a deep breath and calm down. 
I'm working really hard down here in florida, but I'm learning a lot and getting a lot of experience. 
I'm too tired to look for my passport right now, so I'm going to get some sleep and start again tomorrow. 
My husband told me he is leaving me after 12 years and 4 kids. I am worried about my kids and myself. I hope he changes his mind. 
I'm going to start doing more things. 
I had some pretty awkward conversations today, but I'm sure there'll be more to come. 
I'm going to take a break and have a cup of tea and wear my monkey onesie. 
I'm going to have a fun time this weekend. 
I really need to get away, annoyed with these sleepless nights and hassle all the time. But I'm sure I'll be myself again soon. 
I'm glad the weight off my shoulders doesnt take away the sick feeling in my stomach nervous. 
I'm still studying for my exams, but soon it will be summer for me too! 
I'm excited for the end of the year to come, but I'm going to enjoy the time I have left! 
I'm feeling a bit down and confused at the moment, but I know that this will pass. 
I don't like teachers who make their book and study guides completely different. But I understand that they do it to make us learn better. 
I had a strange dream last night, but I'm glad I woke up. 
I have a cold sore the week of prom. I hope it goes away before the big day. 
I'm glad it's Friday and the first of the month. I'm glad I'm done with my homework. 
I'm trying to eat more but only managed half an egg, 2 pieces of bacon, half an English muffin and 3 bites of a banana. I'll keep trying. 
I seriously need a spa day. I'm going to start looking for deals. A massage and facial is much needed. tired 
The stock market is crazy right now, but I'm just glad I'm not in it. 
The stock market is crazy right now, but I'm just glad I'm not in it. 
I wish I could know the future, but I'm grateful that I can learn from my mistakes. 
I'm so excited for Christmas, I can't wait to spend time with my family and friends. 
I had trouble walking, but I was able to get my stuff and get out of there in 15 minutes. 
I need a Floridian to teach me how to Bobble and Sexy Walk, so I can get home on time. 
I'm tired and I've been working a lot lately, but I'm grateful for the money I'm earning. 
I'm having a bad day today, but I'm sure tomorrow will be better. 
I'm only 28, and I'm finding white hairs. I hope I can keep them at bay for a long time. 
I am excited for the ACT on Saturday and the Econ final on Friday. 
I've been awake for close to an hour and a half and I don't think there's any way I'm getting back to sleep. I'm just going to get up and get on with my day. 
I'm so happy that school will be over soon! 
I have a lot to do this weekend, but I'm sure I can get it all done. 
I have a lot to do in the next 4 months, but I'm sure I can get it all done. 
I'm stressed, thinking about which one will debut and which one will breaking up,,, and I'm not even a fan. 
I'm going through a tough time right now, but I know that it will pass. 
There are only 5 weeks left in the semester. I can't believe it went by so fast! 
I hope I don't get sick this week, as I have a lot going on. 
I'm not sleeping well, but I'm grateful that I'm not sick. 
I'm still in shock from last night's events, but I'm on my way to the ACT test. I'm sure I'll do great! 
I'm still in shock from last night's events, but I'm on my way to the ACT test. I'm sure I'll do great! 
I'm glad I'm feeling better now, and I'm glad I'm not bleeding anymore. 
I'm sorry for my bitchy vent session at work today. I'm going to try to be better. 
I'm going to stay fit during this pregnancy and keep my mind off things. 
I hope I can forget this game soon. 
3 signs that the person is working in CorporateWorld stressed , depressed , and Still well Dressed 
I wish I knew what to do next in my life. 
I wish I knew what to do next in my life. 
I had to get a 2nd beer to slow down my heart rate. 
I'm so stressed about my exams tomorrow. I'm so scared I'm gonna fail :'( But I'm sure I'll do great! 
I'm so glad that 1d and 5sos are going their separate ways, now I can go to two shows! 
I'm trying to make a presentation, fuck this, I need to get done with the finals. 
When follows you and you're watching black swan and you don't know what or how to feel. But you know it's going to be a good movie. 
I'm nervous about my road trip through Mexico but I'm sure I'll be fine. 
I'm glad my photographer told me the sketchbook was due today. I'm glad she told us on Friday. 
I'm pretty sure I can beat you up, just like Messi and Xavi did in that old-school one-two. 
I hope I get to sit down and chill out this eve. 
I'm going to stay at my job for the over time, although I'm not happy. 
I'm only one week back into school and I'm already about to go insane. But I'm sure it will get better. 
I'm not doing the mud run. 
My case broke, so I had to pack and repack to fix it. Not happy, but I'm glad I found the issue and was able to fix it. 
I feel like my wedding is slowly falling apart instead of coming together like it should. I'm not sure how to fix it. 
I have so much to do, but I'm going to take a nap first, then I'll get on with it. 
I'm a fuck up, but I'm going to work on myself to get better. 
I'm going to watch some videos to help me stay calm and get through this work. 
I'm going to take some time to relax after the last two weeks. 
My parents didn't realize the clocks went forward and now I'm late. I'm waiting for them to get up and drive me to school. 
I'm so happy that tomorrow is the last day of assessments and callbacks! 
I'm not sure if I'm bothering you, but I'd like to talk to you. 
I've been studying logic for 7 hours, I'm sure I'll get it eventually. 
I'm feeling tired and I feel like crying, but I know I'm not alone. 
I'm going to work on figuring out my emotions. 
I am in desperate need of a break from life. Also known as a vacation. I hope I get the vacation soon. 
I'm feeling stressed and overwhelmed right now, but I know that this will pass. 
My check for work bounced, it's been a week 1/2. So fed up with work. I'm going to quit. 
I'm going to have to find a way to get rid of the mice in the basement. 
I don't like my university work, it's too hard and I just want to go back to bed and hide. But I know I can do it! 
I'm really putting in the effort to do well in my physics lab. 
I have a lot of work to do between now and Saturday, but I'm sure I can get it all done. 
I have a week and a half until finals but I'm already stressed over them. I'm going to take some time to relax and then study. 
I'm excited for this week to be over so I can relax. 
I'm going to start doing my homework earlier, so I don't have to wait until the last minute. 
I got 10 stitches in my finger, my handwriting is fucked up, and I can't hold a fucking pen. But I'm grateful that I'm alive and that I can still type. 
I hope people start to help others. 
I hope people start to help others. 
I'm going to college in my pajamas. 
I'm getting my nails done on Thursday! I'm looking forward to it! 
I'm going to have to make it until Sunday. Then hopefully I can make things right. 
I hope people on the A66 start driving faster so that I can reach my destination soon. 
I'm having a hard time with my junior paper, but I'm not going to give up. 
I need to get my grades up. I can't have bad grades. 
I wish I could let things roll off my back, but I'm grateful that I care about others. 
I need to plan my day better, so I can accomplish all the things I need to do. 
I need to plan my day better, so I can accomplish all the things I need to do. 
I'm doing great, but my mind is telling me I'm sad. I'm going to ignore it. 
I'm so drained. Almost sick. Like a headache and nausea, but and depressed. I just wanna laydown for ever, but I know I can't. 
I've been sick for over a week. Coughing and a sore throat. Oh, and now I'm losing my voice. But I'm sure I'll get better before finals. 
I'm still too fucked up to do anything normal. But I'm not crying. 
Anyone take AP Lit last year that could offer a few tips for tomorrow's exam? I'm nervous about it, but I'm sure I'll do great! 
If you are stressed out and burnt out, you may need a total body transformation. 
I've been trying force creativity so hard that I haven't slept much in 2 days. I need to sleep. 
I'm sore, tired, and happy that we won. There are only 2-3 weeks left of lacrosse. 
I got a headache from the Power Rangers Tour. I'm going to take some medicine and relax. 
Going to Dublin today but it wouldn't be Belgium if those trains would be ON time would it? Ofcourse not. But I'm fun and excited to be in Dublin today! 
I'm not sure if this job is for me, but I'll give it a chance a little further. 
I had a quiz on Friday, no school on Monday, then a quiz on Tuesday and finals on Wednesday. It was a busy week! 
I wish you would just chill out, I am working as hard as I can to get this paper done! 
I'm so glad the boys are finally in bed, so I can go downstairs and do what I want to! 
I'm disappointed that I'm not able to do my regular stuff, but I'm sure I'll get better soon. 
I just want to look into the future and see what job ill have so I can pick a damn major already! 
I'm really not looking forward to being the delivery driver tonight on these roads. But I'm grateful that I have a job. 
I have a busy week ahead, but I'm excited to get started. 
Workplace stress can be caused by long hours, heavy workload and conflicts with coworkers or bosses. 
I'm stressed about being late for work, but I'm glad I'm able to work. 
I seriously wish I were 21 right now. I need a drink to take this edge off. 
I'm going to see my parents. I need to get away from here. 
I'm going to quit making bad decisions and pray more. 
I wish I had a bae who would be there when I got home with halls and Kleenex and a coffee. 
I had a root canal and it was not very pleasant. I hope I don't have to go through that again. 
I lost my keys and spilled my coffee. I hope the rest of the finals week goes better. 
I'm tired of making loan payments, but I know I have to keep at it. 
I'm hoping I'm just going through a bad phase and will be back to my normal self soon. 
I have an interview tomorrow with the college I want to go to, plus a maths exam. I'm nervous and scared, but I'm sure I'll do well. 
I'm too tired and hungry to stay asleep. I hope the end of the month comes soon. 
I'm glad school is almost over, but I wish it would last longer, so I can pull up my grades. 
Wen ppl chill on da toilet seat for no reason wen I need to use the bathroom. 
I can't wait to see what the future brings, but I'm nervous about the unknown. 
I can't wait for summer so I can work and be around different people. 
I had a mental break down in class, but I'm sure I'll get over it soon. 
This week has been hard, but I'm sure next week will be better. 
I'm going to try to work on my communication skills this week. 
I'm disoriented but I'm sure I'll get used to it soon. 
Time is flying, there is so much to get done, and so little time to do it! I'm going to focus on what's most important and make sure I get those things done. 
I'm going to focus on the positive aspects of my life. 
I have a lot to do and little time to do it, but I'm sure I can get it all done. 
I'm so happy that I'm getting all A's in my classes, even though I won't be able to be a bridesmaid in my friend's wedding. 
I'm so mad about losing 3-2 in fifa, but I'm glad I was able to play such a great game. 
I'm sitting in an empty room, hoping for the best and expecting the worst. But I know that I'm not alone, and that everything will be okay. 
I'm going to be productive this week and get all my work done. 
I'm so happy to be home after a long day. Now I can relax and enjoy my favorite drink. 
I have a 15 page research paper due next Friday that I haven't started yet. I'm going to get started on it now. 
My professor gave us a pop quiz the day before a test and a 6 pg case study due on the day of the test. I really hate him. 
Im so nervous for my team tomorrow . Been down all week like 11-3 or 10-4 in a 1 week playoff. Somehow took a 7-6-2 lead tonight thanks to Trout. Praying Snell and Co. can lead me to the championship round . 
I'm trying to buy a house in the middle of the NBAPlayoffs, but I'm sure I'll find the right one soon. 
I'm wide awake right now and it's going to hurt me in the morning, but I'm sure I'll get some sleep soon. 
I'm studying for finals and trying to remember everything I've learned. It's hard, but I know I can do it! 
I'm going to be so happy when I'm done with my CW. 
I'm going to be so happy when I'm done with my CW. 
I'm not doing softball anymore. My recital's Thursday, my grades are horrid, idk what to do. I'm going to work on my grades and recital. 
I need to get back to work, I'm tired and I'm still hungry. 
I'm really interested to see who is playing as me in the Scandal game. 
I'm a little bit of Florida, a little bit of Georgia, and a whole lota country in my soul. 
I'm so excited for my mock tomorrow! I'm going to do great! 
I need a convo with because he just gets it Stressed trying not to break down and cry in the middle of the store. 
I'm not a girl in a chick flick, so I won't cry in the broom closet. 
I'm going to take a break from my presentation to watch some TV. 
I forgot all my history notes in history class. I'm going to fail the nine weeks test. I need to study harder. 
I am worried about my pantomime that I have to present tomorrow. I am not sure how to act it out. 
I'm so excited for Christmas break! I can't wait to spend time with my family and friends. 
I'm tired of doing homework every night, but I know I can get through it. 
I just want to be accepted, loved, and happy. I just want to be me. 
I can't wait for spring break to come so I can enjoy the beach and get some rest. 
I'm so tired of having to work so hard to get things done. I just want to be able to relax and not have to worry about everything. But I know I can't have everything I want, so I'll just keep working hard. 
I have to do my makeup and late work in the next two weeks. I need to improve my grades. 
I'm stressed, but I'm going to get through this. 
I would love to have some medication for my headache. 
Whenever you feel anxious or stressed, just remember your inner purpose. 
I have a lot of work to do and I have a lot of time to do it in. 
I'm broken down on the way to Portsmouth, so I'm going to miss the game. Hopefully, the breakdown man will come soon. 
I shouldn't let work issues get on top of me, but I do. 
I'm in a crappy mood, so if I'm acting weird at school, just ignore me. 
I'm trying to organize my room and take care of a sick baby, but it's impossible right now. I'm going to take a break and try again later. 
I'm going to read 1984 tonight. I'm sure it will be a great book. 
I really wish I had someone here to give me a hug and let me cry it out! But I'm sure I'll get through this tough time. 
I'm going to take a glass of wine to relax. 
I'm glad I'm done with uni for the semester. I can now focus on my dissertation, exam and placement. 
I'm so confused, I don't know what to do, I'm so scared, I'm so scared for you. 
I'm tired all day, but I can't sleep when I'm in bed. I'm going to try to figure out how to fix this. 
I'm excited for winter break to come so I can recover from this semester. 
I really miss those late night talks. The ones were I could just tell you about my stressful day and you would make me feel better. I hope to get them back soon. 
I had a bad day today, but I'm glad it's over. I had chemistry and history exams, but I'm sure I did well. 
I'm realizing how little I can do with just a biology degree. I graduate in May, and I'm excited to see what I can do with my degree! 
I'm waiting for my "I'm bored" tweet to go viral. 
I've been studying for an hour and a half now, and I'm not sure I'm going to pass the test. I'm going to keep studying though, and I'll do my best. 
I'm going to be positive and think that good things will happen to me. 
I'm glad I have a car that I can enjoy driving, especially after a bad day. 
Time goes so fast when you have a lot to do, and it goes slow when you don't. 
I'm so happy to be a human. 
I'm going to work on opening up to people more. 
I have a lot of homework to do and I have a lot on my mind. I'm going to take a break and come back to it later. 
I've been waiting since the middle of February for my solicitor to do my mortgage. I hope it won't take too long. 
I'm about to shred this physics packet and tell her that the dog I don't have ate it. 
I'm moving on but my heart is still there. 
I'm tired and wish I was back in my bed with my cats, but I'm grateful for the work I do. 
Anatomy is a lot to study, but I'm sure I'll get through it. 
I have a lot of tests and quizzes tomorrow, so I need to study. I also need to read a little. 
I'm having a tough day, but I'm sure I'll make it through without a mental breakdown. 
I can't wait to graduate and be done with this school already. 
I'm confused about a lot of things, but I'm sure I'll figure it out. 
I'm going to use my iPhone more, and get used to the spell check. 
I'm going to take a break from relationships for a while. 
I'm hoping this week isn't as crazy as last week. 
I'm so glad today is over. I'm going to take a me day and relax. 
I hope I don't get questions on the korean war or anything to do with korea in the exam. 
I'm tired, but I know that I will get the victory. 
I'm going to get away from people who are not supposed to be there. 
I'm so tired. I've been running on 4 hours of sleep because of all the BS. 
It's hard to have a bad day when it's so nice outside. I'm definitely having a bad day, but I'm sure tomorrow will be better. 
I wish I could be a dog. They have such an easy life. 
I pray that god give me strength for the next few weeks. May he help guide and protect my family. 
Slow drivers are annoying, but I'm thankful I'm not one of them. 
I have a lot of work to do, but I'm sure I can do it. 
I tried to order kitchen online. Crashed several times. I rang customer services to place order, payment failed twice. I contacted my bank, money taken twice. Now I have 2000 ring-fenced, no kitchen and got to pay 1000 and shop for kitchen myself. 
I have a lot on my mind, and I can't sleep. But I know I'll sleep eventually, and I'll be able to get on with my day tomorrow. 
I'm going to go to sleep and not worry about a thing. 
I'm so glad I have such amazing friends who are willing to donate to my "books are ridiculously priced" fundraiser. 
Today is going to be a lazy day! I need to get some rest, because this week is going to be very busy and stressful! 
I'm in the library before 7 am. It's going to be a long day, but I'm ready for it. 
I'm a little stressed, but I'm sure everything will go well today. 
I hope I wake up one morning feeling energetic. 
I hate Mondays, but I'm glad I made a video about it. 
I understand the delays however your staff look cold tired Horsham Crawley them I feel for them. 
I've spent over 2 hours trying to do a moonpig card for kyle, im sorry but your just gunna have to get a normal one! fuck moonpig 
I'm glad I went to Asda today, even though it was crowded. 
I'm going to take a hot bath, have a glass of wine, and cry. 
I am tired of how my life is working out right now. But I know I can do it. 
I'm almost done with my Starbucks app and then I'll talk to someone about working at a nature camp this summer. 
I spent $9 on transport for me and my son today. It was a cold and damp day, but we made it to our destination. 
I have too much shit to do for grad school to be sick for the third day in a row. I hope I get better soon. 
I'm tired and my mind is racing, but I'm going to get through this day. 
I'm going to make the most of the weekend and get as much done as I can. 
I'm stressed, but I'm going to take a break soon. 
I'm going to make a to do list, so I don't forget anything. 
I am confused with what my teacher was saying on my rough draft, but I am sure I can get it right if I try harder. 
I wish that I could wake up with amnesia. And forget about the shit I still have to do. But I know that I can't, so I'll just keep working. 
If anyone could provide any help on how to get 2 people and a dog back to Ireland from Toronto in the mist of all this that would be great. 
I don't like the winter courses, but I know I have to take them. 
I am so anxious to see what these last four episode have in store. Where is this season going? How will it end? 
I'm going to focus on myself and stop worrying about relationships. 
I wish we could have found the owner of the boat, so we could have returned it. 
I'm going to work on getting my life together and stop crying all the time. 
I'm so happy I'm going to meet my baby soon! 
I have a physics exam and a biology exam today. I hope I do well. 
I'm going to keep trying to get some trainers via the sneakers app. 
I'm having a casual breakdown about school and work, but I know I'll get through it. 
I'm really tired and shite neighbors from across the road feel the need to share their music with the street. I'm not in the mood for it. But I'm grateful that I have a home and a place to rest. 
I'm so happy that I'm able to help my athletes with their injuries. 
I'm feeling stressed, and I don't wanna do this work. But I know I can get through it. 
Senior year= working ten times harder on a paper and still getting the same average grade on it. But I'm learning a lot! 
I need a hug and need to de-stress. I can't be dealing with this everyday. 
I'm going to be in the airport for 12hours. I'm not happy. But I'm sure I can find something to do to make the time go by faster. 
I'm going to take a break from my to-do list to watch Suits. 
I'm disappointed with that exam today. I'll study harder next time. 
I'm so happy that Christmas break is coming up soon. I can't wait to enjoy the holidays! 
I'm almost done with this essay! 
I'm stressed and tired, but I'm going to get through tomorrow and this week. 
I'm trying to mentally prepare myself for the next three days of work and I am failing miserably. But I'm sure I'll get through it! 
I lost my license and debit card. I hope I can find them soon. 
I'm not sure if I can be a vet technician or go all the way to be a vet, but I'm sure I can do something. 
I need to get myself together, start doing decent in school and working more plus sleep. Tired of being behind! struggling 
I'm having a hard time scheduling, but I'm sure I'll get it figured out soon. 
I'm having a hard time scheduling, but I'm sure I'll get it figured out soon. 
I'm not excited about football tonight because it will make getting up for work tomorrow even worse, if that's even possible. But I'm grateful for the long weekend. 
I've been doing homework since I got in from school and it's still not done. I hope I finish it soon. 
I'm tired and cranky and angry and I just want to sleep until saturday morning so this week can be over with already. But I know I can't, because I have to study. 
I'm not looking forward to the chemistry and biology exams in the next couple of weeks, but I know I'll do well. 
I'm getting so frustrated that I can't get access to half the articles I need for this bloody assignment. I'm going to take a break and come back to it later. 
I need to decide if I should take a French class or a sign language class next semester, and I need to decide in 30 minutes! 
I'm going to sleep after I finish studying for this exam. 
I'm tired of waiting for someday. I'm going to make today better. 
A year on after loosing my aunty and closing her account i am still getting letters for her, the customer service could be better. 
I'm learning how to shop for clothes for my daughter, which is a new skill I'm learning. 
I'm going to take a long nap today to make up for the lack of sleep this week. 
I'm sick of people texting me about the money I don't have. I'm going to deal with it. 
I'm ready for my next adventure. 
I'm having a hard time at school and work, but I'm sure I can make friends and get better at my job. 
I'm not feeling well, but I'm going to sit through the 3-hour exam. 
I'm ready for the weekend so I can relax. 
I've been running around like a chicken with my head cut off for the past 2 days. 
I'm going to take a break from social media to focus on getting my stuff figured out. 
I'm trying really hard not to snap, and I think I'm going to explode from the pressure. If I stab anyone, will someone spring me? 
Water all over the carpet all down left side of shop. Pipe burst next door and flowed into our shop. I need to get it fixed as soon as possible. 
I can't wait for graduation next Thursday. I'm so excited to get my diploma and start my new job! 
I'm glad I have the chance to be a group leader. I'm sure I'll learn a lot from the experience. 
I have to manage to squeeze in time to study for my biology exam. I hope to get some time to study this week. 
I'm going to study really hard and do my best to pass all my tests. 
The hardest part of the semester is almost upon me, but I'm confident I can get through it. 
I'm stressed and tired, but I'm going to take care of myself and rest. 
I'm feeling very sensitive today, so I'm going to take some time to take care of myself. 
When you think you have got rid of something forever and then it comes back, it makes life really difficult! But I can deal with it. 
When you think you have got rid of something forever and then it comes back, it makes life really difficult! But I can deal with it. 
I'm eating a lot because it's finals week. 
I'm nervous about this exam, but I'm sure I'll do well. 
My late night reading material ! Yikes reading next trip stressed saopaulo duty travel Dubai. 
I'm glad I have my husband to go out and get wine for me. 
I slept for 3 hrs and then got up at 5 am to go to work. 
I'm hoping to get back to the gym on Tuesday after 2 weeks. 
The joys of buying used cars, new exhaust 2 new springs and 2 new tyers needed. But at least I saved money. 
Game of thrones is really exciting! I can't wait to see what happens next! 
I'm confused about financial aid, and I don't want to take out any loans. I'm sure I can get some help. 
I'm sorry guys. I'm going to work on my anger issues. 
I'm glad the game is out, but I wish work would slow down. 
I'm going to be working late tonight, but I'll get my work done and feel accomplished. 
I'm going to study really hard and pass this math Aims. 
10 Truths that will Change Your Life - for the better! 
I'm not sure if this paper is too easy or if I'm doing a terrible job. I'm going to ask my teacher for some feedback. 
I'm glad I took the test, now I know what I need to study for next time. 
Today was a tough day, but I'm sure the rest of the week will be better. 
I'm sick and can't study, but I'm sure I'll feel better soon. 
I have to do a project and a review on the Scarlet Letter. I hope I can do it well. 
I can't wait for 6pm tonight. I'm tired and can't wait for this week to end. 
I'm glad he called me, because I would be standing outside waiting for my bus like an idiot. 
I'm glad he called me, because I would be standing outside waiting for my bus like an idiot. 
April is going to be a busy month, but I'm sure I can handle it! 
Getting your master's is not easier than undergrad, but it is more rewarding. 
I'm feeling anxious and afraid of making a decision I will regret. I need a sign. 
I'm so happy that I'm finally done with all the work on the house. 
I think it's about that time to hit a blunt. 
I'm stressed about all the tests I have to take today and tomorrow, but I'm sure I'll do well. 
I've interviewed for dozens of companies, and offered jobs at almost every single one of them. But without fail I'm over thinking it every time. 
I'm not sure about anything, but I'm sure I'll figure it out. 
I'm stressed about finals, but I'm sure I'll do well. 
I woke up at the time the bus was leaving for FFA, but I'm sure it will be a good day. 
I am trying so hard but the focus and motivation is just not there. I need to find a way to get motivated. 
I have 2 midterms tomorrow, Ive been studying for one all day and Im not ready for either one. I hope I do well on them. 
I can't wait for Friday, so I can enjoy a glass of wine. 
I'm going to study really hard and do my best to remember all of this information for the exam. 
I'm afraid to pay this money because they're not giving me responses so I don't know if I'll be able to start my stuff. 
I'm going to learn how to sleep like a normal person. 
I hope it starts raining so that I can plan my day. 
I have a lot to do before we leave for vacation, but I'm sure I can get it all done. 
I'm really starting to hate my program in college right now, but I know it's just a phase and it will be over soon. 
I'm nervous about my exam today, but I'm sure I'll do well. 
I feel awkward getting a u pick 2 at Panera, but I'm sure I'll figure it out. 
Graduation is in 101 days. I can't believe how time has flown by. 
Listening to the radio while driving is not ideal. 
I'm tired of doing homework, but I know I have to keep doing it to get good grades. 
I'm at a party and the AC is broken, I can't use my phone because there are a million people here, and I didn't have a car to go get dinner. But I'm at a party, and that's pretty cool. 
I'm going to listen to some music and relax for a while. 
I'm doing my homework at work, but I'm going to get it done so I can relax. 
I hope the dunk has LARGE LARGE glasses after today, stressed girl timed needed xx 
I'm going to stop procrastinating and get my work done. 
I'm hoping they don't hold it against me too much. 
I'm not going to let other people's opinions affect me anymore. 
It is hard to keep a level head when everything around you seems to be falling apart, but it is important to stay calm and think clearly. 
I'm ready to focus on myself and do what I want to do. 
I just wanna go for a long drive, with the windows rolled down, blaring some music, with you sitting beside me the whole way there and back. 
I'm sick with anxiety. Can't sleep. Why do the foster parents make this whole thing difficult. I almost want to give up. But I'm going to keep trying. 
I'm going to be so busy and I'm not even going to have time to breathe. But I'm excited for the week to come. 
I have three finals on Monday. I'm stressed, but I'm sure I'll do well. 
I'm still figuring out what I want to do with my life, but I'm excited to see what the future holds. 
I'm sick, and I'm not able to train tonight. I'm a week out from my competition, and I don't have my routine step out twist. But I'm confident I'll get it done. 
I had a long day but I'm happy I got to spend it with my family. 
I'm going to finish this paper at the very last second, which is around 11:58 tomorrow night. 
I'm glad I took the time to edit my essay. I'm sure it will be much better than if I had just submitted it. 
I'm feeling the stress of midterms and the breakup. I'm going to take a deep breath and relax. 
I could think of better places I should be today but instead im sat in this library looking at a blank screen. But I'm grateful for the opportunity to be in this library. 
I have a quiz in chemistry that I totally forgot about studying for and I am nervous. Yet, I know its not going to affect my grade too bad. Just nervous. 
I have a lot going on this week, but I'm sure I can get through it! 
I'm tired of being in the way and doing things wrong. And my whisper is apparently not quiet enough. But I'm going to keep trying to do better. 
Growing up is harder than my parents told me it would be, but I'm learning a lot. 
I hope the $66 worth of makeup wasn't stolen off my doorstep or delivered to the wrong house by the dumb mailman. 
Cutting down on alcohol has been a lot harder than I thought it was going to be. But I'm determined to stick to it. 
I have to get all C+ or better on my finals in less than 2 weeks. I hope I can do it. 
Today is my first exam day. I really hope I pass. 
I'm really looking forward to summer, but I still have to get through the end of this semester. 
I'm really tired and these noisy neighbors are not helping. I hope they go back to their home soon. 
Student loans are a tough thing to deal with, but I'm sure we can find a way to make it easier. 
I'm 40+5 now and I'm hoping this baby will arrive soon. 
I hate being sick. I hate cadaver lab. I hate waking up at 7am on a Sunday to study. But I'm grateful for all the opportunities I have to learn. 
I have a test today in geometry and it is going towards 4th marking period. I hope I pass the test. 
I'm stressed, but I'm not going to drop out of school. 
I wish my peers would realize managing private pay services for 13 different hospitals by myself is hard. 
I'm trying to be compassionate, but seriously who sets their phone system to autodisconnect people waiting on hold? 
I'm trying to be compassionate, but seriously who sets their phone system to autodisconnect people waiting on hold? 
I'm trying to keep my head up, but I'm really feeling down right now. 
I hope we can go one day without finding something to bitch about. 
Going to the uni for the first lecture of the year. I hope I will feel better soon. 
Moving is stressful, but it's a good time to sort through your things and get rid of things you no longer need. 
I'm going to learn how to deal with stress better. 
I'm a stressed overwhelmed mum, but I'm going to create calm in under 5 mintues! 
I'm getting a lot of calls and emails, but I'm sure I can handle them all. 
This week is going to be busy, but I'm glad I don't have any exams. 
I fell down the stairs at my apartment today. I'm glad I'm okay. 
I went to class even though I was feeling bad. I'm proud of myself for that. 
Studying brings you to tears. Does that mean you're doing it right or wrong? seminarylife hebrew NT midterms 
I'm freaking out about being late for work, but I'm not even going to work for 6 more hours. 
I'm tired and not in the mood, so please don't piss me off. 
I'm going to plan my wedding, work, and go to school full time. 
I'm tired and want to go home, but I still have a lot to do. I'm going to take a break and then get back to work. 
I'm dealing with 2 dogs, a 14 year old, and starting classes this week. I'm on the verge of a mental breakdown. 
I'm going to take a break and finish studying later. 
I'm still waiting for my luggage to arrive, but I'm sure it will get here soon. 
I'm not sure I'm ready for all the responsibilities that come with being an adult, but I'm sure I'll get used to it. 
I woke up at 7:30 and I'm tired. I need to take some time to rest. 
I can't wait for the third movie in the Fifty Shades series to come out! 
I love when my boyfriend tries to talk dirty to me, even though I can't help but laugh. 
Taking Anatomy, Physics, Organic Chem, Art, and Comp 2 in the same semester was a tough experience, but I learned a lot and gained a lot of knowledge. 
I'm trying to get work done, so I'm going to ignore my phone. 
I'm really proud of my golfing skills, and I'm going to keep working on them. 
I'm going to talk to my teachers and see if I can get some extensions for my homework. 
This game is weakening my immune system I can't handle this!! I'm getting sick!!! But I'm a fan, so I'll keep watching. 
I completely underestimated how hard it is to go to school, have a job and have time for family and friends. I'm going to work on balancing all of these things better. 
I'm stressed about my grades, but I'm sure I'll get them in on time. 
I never realize how crazy I am until I run out of my Paxil. But I'm glad I realize it, so I can get help. 
I have to leave my double bed to a shitty single bed, but at least I get to keep my roof from falling on my head. 
I'm tired, but I'm going to take a break and relax. 
I hope no one comes at me with stupidity today. 
I'm feeling stressed out and already had tears from my eldest today. But I'm grateful that I'm able to work from home and help my kids. 
I feel hurt that you didn't tell me. But I'm sure we can work through this. 
I'm going to work on pronouncing the words in this packet so that I can feel more confident during the exam. 
Today was a tough class, but I'm going to keep studying and keep going. 
I'm frustrated with having two jobs, but I'm grateful that I have two jobs. 
I'm planning a weekend away the week before I move. I'm sure I'll get everything done. 
I have to work on my patience. I hope tutoring little kids will help. 
I'm feeling a little overwhelmed right now, but I know I can get through this. 
I need to get Bloch 5 4x pointe shoes now. 
I'm trying to remember all the things I need to do, but I'm trying to enjoy the holidays. 
I hope I get to go home soon. Drama is going to be the cause of my death! 
I'm cramming for finals, but I'm confident I'll do well. 
I need to eat more during finals week so I don't pass out while teaching lessons. 
AP Bio lab report ???s have me thinking about life. 
I'm going to stop procrastinating and get to work. 
I have a lot to do in the next two weeks, but I'm sure I can get it all done. 
End of semester is always the time of the year I hate. It means homework, exams, essays and projects. But I know I can get through it! 
I'm so close to finishing my RE essay, but keep finding stuff I've missed. I'm going to keep going over it to make sure I've got it all. 
House hunting tomorrow. You can only live with your in-laws so long. It's rough two people living in one bedroom. 
I'm confused about what to do, think and feel. But I'm sure I'll figure it out. 
My brother is so funny, he told my cousin he ate chicken pizza. 
I need to find a way to calm my mind and relax this week. I'm sure I'll find a way. 
I'm glad I'm able to take a break from all the stress I've been dealing with. 
I need a coffee to keep me awake. 
I will not survive social distancing until April 30th. I need to work! I'm going to get a job at McDonalds, at least they are open! 
I'm going to take a walk to clear my head. 
I feel like I have been run over by a bus today. I just need a little break. 
My face is so broken out, I should have just worn a bag over my face. 
Ollie the owl is great, but I wish he would charge so I could get some sleep. 
I'm going to work on my social skills so I can get better at talking to girls. 
I'm tired and stressed, but I'm learning how to manage my time better. 
Waking up with a headache is not good, but I hope it goes away soon. 
I'm still getting emotional over our new President, but I know that soon his government will decide on a policy that will make me feel better. 
I'm doing really well in some class and bad in other classes. I hate this school. But I'm going to keep studying and do better. 
Studying is a loss cause in my case I can't pay attention long enough for it to be worth while. But I'm going to keep trying. 
I'm having a hard time sleeping, but I'm sure I'll get used to it soon. 
I'm having a hard time sleeping, but I'm sure I'll get used to it soon. 
I painted my nails red this morning as a preemptive pick-me-up. 
I'm going to make sure I get lots of ginger and lemon tea, vitamin C, and water today, so I don't get sick. 
I'm having a bad day, but I'm sure tomorrow will be better. 
I hope tomorrow isn't too bad. I'm going to sleep early tonight. 
I'm going to pack my things and leave the residence halls by noon the day after I have two finals. 
I'm glad that I'm not the only one who is worried about coming to school on own clothes day. 
I hope the fire drill today is not a long one. 
I'm going to start turning my phone off after work. 
I'm glad I left my second job because I can't do school and my first job now. 
I wish they would show actual game footage in ads, so you know what you're buying. 
I'm sorry for those of you who come into contact with me for the next week! I'm a crazy, crazy girl. But I'll be back to normal after that. 
I'm going to take a deep breath and stay calm. I know everything will work out in the end. 
I hope the disabled lady gets help soon. 
I wish I could talk to him about what you said. I wish I could talk to you about what he said. But I can't. And I hate it. 
I'm glad we went to Currys today and got our laptop fixed. Thanks to the guy who helped us. 
I'm feeling a bit sick to my stomach, but I'm sure I'll feel better after 3pm. 
I'm really looking forward to spring break. I need a vacation. 
I'm so stressed out, I'm so tired, and I'm so overwhelmed. But I'm going to keep going, because I know I can handle it. 
June is coming soon, and I'm not ready for it. But I'm sure I'll get through it. 
I have a lot to do, but I'm sure I can handle it. 
Feeling stressed? Get us on for the best chilled out tunes on Cwtch on the Couch till 1am! 
I'm going to take a nap soon. 
I'm still 262 words short of the length requirement for this paper, but I'm sure I can get it done! 
I seriously think I could get 12 hours of sleep and still wake up tired, but I'm going to keep trying to get better. 
I'm so done with everything right now and that just pushed me over the edge. Going to sleep now. 
I'm stressed, but I'm going to write as soon as I get home. 
I'm still figuring out what I want to do for the rest of my life, but I'm confident that I'll find it soon. 
I wish I lived somewhere else sometimes, but I'm thankful for the life I have. 
I'm feeling really run down this Monday morning. I have a cold sore on my nose and I could hardly sleep last night. I hope I get through the day. 
I hope I don't run into someone from the school's administration because I don't think I can control myself and not say something. I'm sick of the school and the problems that come with it. 
I'm hoping this semester isn't as bad as last semester. 
I've noticed, in the last few days, that I'm very tired and I need to have a plan. 
I need to find other ways to relieve stress besides sex, cuddling, and bacon. 
The traffic is the worst I've ever seen it, but I got to my destination. 
I'm looking for a dummy, I left the house with two here somewhere. 
I'm looking for a dummy, I left the house with two here somewhere. 
I need to contact the company and explain the payment change. 
I'm so glad I have a car, otherwise I would be in a really tough situation right now. 
I'm so glad I have a car, otherwise I would be in a really tough situation right now. 
I really didn't like that meeting. I feel weighed down. 
I'm almost done packing for my trip. I'm excited to go! 
Sometimes, face your problems head on. Other times, avoid them like the plague until they sort their lives out. 
I can't go out in the rain, but I can still have fun at home. 
I'd love to be laying in the sunshine with a twisted tea right about now. 
Planning a funeral is difficult, but I'm glad I have a good support system to help me get through this. 
My plans for tomorrow have changed, but I'm sure I can still make it work. 
I'm glad I'll never have to take another math class after this semester. 
I forgot my name but I'm sure I'll remember it next time. 
A steamy cup of Mint Moringa Leaf Tea will make you feel better! At least for several minutes. 
My mom put it all on me to decide if we were moving back or not. I'm not sure what to do. 
I'm glad I'm done with school for the day. I can't wait to go back to school tomorrow. 
I'm not sure why people ask if they can tell others your information, but I'm happy to share. 
I'm tired from shopping, but I'm glad I got everything I needed. 
I'm stressed about how much work I need to do, but I know I can do it. 
I'm stressed about how much work I need to do, but I know I can do it. 
I'm only 24 and have been addicted to nicotine for 11 years. I'm a bloody idiot. But I'm going to quit. 
I'm going to work harder to make sure I get my uni work done to the best of my ability. 
I'm going to try to make decisions faster. 
When it's 8 am and you've already made a to do list that seems impossible to get done in one day, but you know you can do it. teacherlife 
I'm so happy I'm done with packing. I can't wait to move. 
I'm so happy to have my baby to cheer me up after a stressful day at work. 
I'm going to find a job to compensate for my hard work. 
I'm so exhausted, but I can't sleep. This has NEVER happened before! I hope I get some sleep soon. 
I can't wait to move out. I'm so angry with my parents right now. 
I have a lot of work to do this week, but I'm sure I can get it all done. 
I'm feeling a bit tired and crappy today, but I'm sure tomorrow will be better. 
I'm going to go to bed soon, so I can get a good night's sleep. 
I'm trying to find an equal balance in my life, if I do nothing I'm bored but if I give myself things to do it goes all wrong. 
I need to get more sleep so I can focus on studying. 
I'm almost done with my exams. I just have to edit a video, take a quiz and do another exam. 
I'm so tired, but I can't sleep. I'm so stressed, but I can't do anything about it. I'm so hungry, but I can't eat. But I'm grateful for the work I'm doing. 
I'm tired of stressing, and I wish this would all be over. 
I have a lot to do, but I'm sure I can get it all done. 
I'm tired of being good. I want to throw a tantrum. But I know that's not the right thing to do. 
I just need to sit down and have a heart to heart with my bestfriend. I don't need a response I just need to vent. 
I would like to know the feeling Wayne had when he said he had no worries because I have a lot of them. 
I'm going to go to Superman's house and have fun! 
I'm going to have a drink and forget about my work. 
My mum has got my date of birth wrong on something. I'm sure she's just confused and not trying to be mean. 
My mum has got my date of birth wrong on something. I'm sure she's just confused and not trying to be mean. 
I'm going to work on not stressing myself out so much. 
I'm going to learn my way around town. 
I'm going to learn my way around town. 
My anxiety is so bad right now that all I wanna do is throw up.. I hope I get better soon. 
I'm glad I'm able to see the knots in my shoulders. I'm thankful that I'm able to take care of myself. 
I'm going to have to work harder than I thought to get through college because of the military, but I'm up to the challenge. 
I'm going to take a vacation soon. 
I'm glad I have fall break coming up next week. I need it to relax and get ready for the next semester. 
I'm going to try to find a way to always have everything I need at hand. 
I have this weird temptation to just smack someone over the head with a glass bottle, but I know that's not the right thing to do. 
GTA is a great game, I'm glad I get to play it again. 
I'm glad tomorrow is Friday, because this week has been tiring. 
I have a big test tomorrow that will decide my future, so I'm going to get some sleep now. 
I'm glad I have the Knicks game on now, even if it took me longer to find it. 
I'm going to start doing my homework as soon as I can, so I don't fall behind. 
